[Music]
by integrating zeip with Cutting Room
you can publish videos directly from
Cutting Room to zeip while also
accessing all content from zeip within
Cutting Room edit and version them to
add zeip as an integration go to
settings click on Integrations and
select zeip you'll see several fields
that need to be filled out the first
step is to give your storage a name this
can be anything that helps you identify
the storage next decide whether you want
to share this storage source with others
or keep it private for your use only
then log in to zeip to find your API key
once logged in go to settings in the top
right corner and find API
key click on it to see all API Keys
associated with your
account copy the API key and return to
Cutting Room where you can paste it in
when you're done press
save now go back to the editor click on
the source dropdown under the search bar
and select zeip if you already have
content in zeip it will appear here you
can now edit your video as
needed when you're finished render the
video and send it back to zeip once you
open zeip again you'll see that the
video is uploading after a short while
it will be ready for use
[Music]